!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	2	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
addComponentToPane	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/GUI.java	/^    public void addComponentToPane(Container pane) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:GUI
address	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    private String address;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Patient	file:
arrayToPatient	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Database.java	/^    Patient arrayToPatient(String[] array) throws IndexOutOfBoundsException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Database
cardPanel	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/GUI.java	/^    JPanel cardPanel;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:GUI
cards	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/GUI.java	/^    CardLayout cards = new CardLayout();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:GUI
checker	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    final static PatientHandler checker = new PatientHandler();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Patient
checkLoginDetails	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/LoginHandler.java	/^    protected boolean checkLoginDetails() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:LoginHandler
comments	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    private String comments;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Patient	file:
completedObligatoryField	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/PatientHandler.java	/^	boolean completedObligatoryField(String input) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PatientHandler
condition	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    private String condition;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Patient	file:
createAndShowGUI	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/GUI.java	/^    void createAndShowGUI() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:GUI
currentPatients	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Database.java	/^    protected static ArrayList<Patient> currentPatients = new ArrayList<Patient>();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Database
Database	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Database.java	/^    public Database() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Database
Database	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Database.java	/^public class Database {$/;"	c	language:Java
DELIM	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Database.java	/^    private static final char DELIM = ':';$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Database	file:
DELIM	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    private static final String DELIM = ":";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Patient	file:
DOB	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    private String DOB;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Patient	file:
dumpDBtoFile	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Database.java	/^    void dumpDBtoFile() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Database
FILELOCATION	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Database.java	/^    private static final String FILELOCATION = "\/home\/david\/Programming\/Java\/medicaldb\/db.txt";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Database	file:
firstName	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    private String firstName;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Patient	file:
getAddress	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    public String getAddress() { $/;"	m	language:Java	class:Patient
getComments	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    public String getComments() { $/;"	m	language:Java	class:Patient
getCondition	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    public String getCondition() { $/;"	m	language:Java	class:Patient
getDOB	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    public String getDOB() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Patient
getFirstName	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    public String getFirstName() { $/;"	m	language:Java	class:Patient
getLastName	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    public String getLastName() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Patient
getNextAppointment	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    public String getNextAppointment() { $/;"	m	language:Java	class:Patient
getPassword	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/LoginHandler.java	/^    public String getPassword() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:LoginHandler
getPatientID	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    public String getPatientID() { $/;"	m	language:Java	class:Patient
getPatientMethods	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Database.java	/^    private static int getPatientMethods() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Database	file:
getUsername	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/LoginHandler.java	/^    public String getUsername() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:LoginHandler
GUI	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/GUI.java	/^public class GUI extends JFrame {$/;"	c	language:Java
idNumbers	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Database.java	/^    protected static Set<String> idNumbers = new HashSet<String>();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Database
isUniqueID	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/PatientHandler.java	/^    boolean isUniqueID(String id) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PatientHandler
isValid	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/PatientHandler.java	/^	boolean isValid(String input) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PatientHandler
isValid	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/PatientHandler.java	/^	boolean isValid(String input, String type) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PatientHandler
isValidDate	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/PatientHandler.java	/^    boolean isValidDate(String DOB) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PatientHandler
lastName	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    private String lastName;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Patient	file:
lh	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/GUI.java	/^    LoginHandler lh;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:GUI
loadDBfromFile	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Database.java	/^    void loadDBfromFile() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Database
loadPatient	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Database.java	/^    void loadPatient() {};$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Database
log	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Database.java	/^    private static final Logger log = Logger.getLogger(Class.class.getName());$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Database	file:
log	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/PatientHandler.java	/^	private static final Logger log = Logger.getLogger(Class.class.getName());$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PatientHandler	file:
LoginHandler	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/LoginHandler.java	/^public class LoginHandler {$/;"	c	language:Java
loginScreen	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/GUI.java	/^    private JPanel loginScreen() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:GUI	file:
main	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Main.java	/^    public static void main(String[] args) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Main
Main	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Main.java	/^public class Main {$/;"	c	language:Java
main	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/MainTestDriver.java	/^    public static void main (String[] args) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MainTestDriver
mainScreen	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/GUI.java	/^    private JPanel mainScreen() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:GUI	file:
MainTestDriver	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/MainTestDriver.java	/^public class MainTestDriver {$/;"	c	language:Java
medDB	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Main.java	/^	static Database medDB;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Main
medDB	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/MainTestDriver.java	/^	static Database medDB;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MainTestDriver
nextAppointment	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    private String nextAppointment;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Patient	file:
org.ucl.medicaldb	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Database.java	/^package org.ucl.medicaldb;$/;"	p	language:Java
org.ucl.medicaldb	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/GUI.java	/^package org.ucl.medicaldb;$/;"	p	language:Java
org.ucl.medicaldb	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/LoginHandler.java	/^package org.ucl.medicaldb;$/;"	p	language:Java
org.ucl.medicaldb	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Main.java	/^package org.ucl.medicaldb;$/;"	p	language:Java
org.ucl.medicaldb	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/MainTestDriver.java	/^package org.ucl.medicaldb;$/;"	p	language:Java
org.ucl.medicaldb	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^package org.ucl.medicaldb;$/;"	p	language:Java
org.ucl.medicaldb	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/PatientHandler.java	/^package org.ucl.medicaldb;$/;"	p	language:Java
password	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/LoginHandler.java	/^    private String password;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:LoginHandler	file:
passwordField	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/GUI.java	/^    static JTextField passwordField;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:GUI
Patient	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^public class Patient {$/;"	c	language:Java
PatientHandler	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/PatientHandler.java	/^public final class PatientHandler {$/;"	c	language:Java
patientID	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    private String patientID;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Patient	file:
populateIdSet	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Database.java	/^    private void populateIdSet(String id) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Database	file:
reader	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Database.java	/^    private static CSVReader reader;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Database	file:
removePatient	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Database.java	/^    void removePatient(int index) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Database
searchPatient	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Database.java	/^    void searchPatient(Pattern pattern) {};$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Database
setAddress	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    public void setAddress(String address) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Patient
setComments	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    public void setComments(String comments) { $/;"	m	language:Java	class:Patient
setCondition	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    public void setCondition(String condition) { $/;"	m	language:Java	class:Patient
setDOB	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    public void setDOB(String DOB) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Patient
setFirstName	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    public void setFirstName(String firstName) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Patient
setLastName	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    public void setLastName(String lastName) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Patient
setNextAppointment	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    public void setNextAppointment(String nextAppointment) { $/;"	m	language:Java	class:Patient
setPassword	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/LoginHandler.java	/^    public void setPassword(String password) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:LoginHandler
setPatientID	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    public void setPatientID(String patientID) { $/;"	m	language:Java	class:Patient
setterCount	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Database.java	/^    private static int setterCount;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Database	file:
setUsername	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/LoginHandler.java	/^    public void setUsername(String username) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:LoginHandler
showPatients	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/MainTestDriver.java	/^    public static void showPatients(ArrayList<Patient> patientDB) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MainTestDriver
toString	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Patient.java	/^    public String toString() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Patient
username	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/LoginHandler.java	/^    private String username;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:LoginHandler	file:
usernameField	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/GUI.java	/^    static JTextField usernameField;	 $/;"	f	language:Java	class:GUI
writer	/tmp/asd-david/home/david/Programming/Java/medicaldb/src/main/java/org/ucl/medicaldb/Database.java	/^    private static BufferedWriter writer;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Database	file:
